Clarify typescript preset/plugin scope (#2399)
babel/website: docs/preset-typescript.md

### With a configuration file (Recommended)

> Note that although TypeScript compiler `tsc` actively supports new JavaScript proposals such as optional chaining (`?.`), nullish coalescing (`??`) and class properties (`this.#x`), this preset does not include these features because they are not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that although the TypeScript compiler `tsc` actively supports certain JavaScript proposals such as optional chaining (`?.`), nullish coalescing (`??`) and class properties (`this.#x`), this preset does not include these features because they are not
```

> the types syntax available in TypeScript only. We recommend using `preset-env` with `preset-typescript` if you want to transpile these features.

Reviewer: The following might be confusing:

> this preset does not include these features because they are not the types syntax available in TypeScript only

Maybe something like:

> this preset does not include these features as it is currently only meant to support the TypeScript types syntax.

Thoughts?
